### Description

Plagiarism in a code is extremely common these days. Under the guise of shared resources, students justify to themselves and the authorities for copying other people’s work. Plagiarism in texts, papers and written works are relatively easier to detect as they’re strings, and since the problem has been around for a while there are many solutions to this problem. The problem becomes harder for codes. It is not only due to the large and sudden influx of codes in the past two decades but also changing few parameters in a code could make same codes look drastically different.

This application is a web-based plagiarism detection tool. The proposed detection techniques are based on tokens generated by  Abstract Syntax Tree.

Five different algorithms have been implemented
* Longest Common Subsequence with strings
* Longest Common Subsequence with AST nodes
* Jaccard Similarity 
* Token edit distance
* Machine learning model

Throughout the development process, each module was thoroughly unit tested and the code was extensively commented for readability.

### Function and Features:

Ability to create a new user as an admin or an instructor
* Created user can login using the email id and password provided during registration
* User can upload multiple student submissions.
* System can detect plagiarism in multiple Python projects
* Edge cases like empty folder and non python files are handled
* Multiple comparison algorithms can be used to detect plagiarism
* Similarity score is provided for all the compared files
* The systems uses weights generated using a machine learning model based on gradient descent and the MOSS as 
evaluation model.
* User can analyze the detected python files with side by side line comparison indicating where the
system detected plagiarism.
* The System can show number of time each algorithm has run.
* The admin has the privilege to delete user
* The user interface is descriptive and user centric


### Tools and Technologies used:

Programming language: Java
* Backend Framework: Spring Boot and JPA
* Frontend Frameworks: AngularJS, Bootstrap and HTML
* Testing Framework: Junit4
* Libraries: ANTLR, JCOCO, Javax.mail, Jsoup
* Database: H2
* Process management: Jira
* Version Control: Github
* Continuous Integration : Jenkins
* Quality Gate: SonarQube

